# Green House Monitor

## Files listed in the Assignment:
- **config.json**: The file includes the maximum and minimum threshold limits for temperature and humidity.
- **monitorAndNotify.py**: The file contains code to initiate the insert functionality of the database.
- **createReport.py**: The file contains code to create the .csv file which contains a separate row for each day's data. This data also resides in the database. If each piece of data is within the configured temperature and humidity range then the status of OK is applied, otherwise the label of BAD is applied.
- **greenHouseBluetooth.py**: The file contains code to scan the bluetooth devices and send a notification if the device listed in pushbullet is scanned within the bluetooth range.
- **analytics.py**: The file contains code to create visualisations using scatterplot and barchart graphs.
- **analyticsReport.txt**: The file contains explanation to questions related to visualisation

## Additional files used:
- **createJSON.py**: The file contains python code that was used to create the 'config.json' file.
- **database.py**: The file contains code to create a table in the database if it doesn't already exist and then the data read from the sense hat (temperature and humidity) is inserted into the database.
- **monitor.py**: The file contains code to read temperature, humidity and timestamp from the sense hat. Additionally, it contains a function to correct the temperature that is affected due to the heat generated by the raspberry pi.
- **notifyPushbullet.py**: The file contains code that reads the maximum and minimum threshold limits for temperature and humidity from the config.json file and compared it with the values read in the monitor.py file. In case the read temperature or humidity is above or below the limit, a notification is sent to the device via pushbullet.
- **sshPlot.py**: Class created to import matplotlib.pyplot so that we could create visualisations over ssh


## References:
- [getting the accurate temperature] (yaab-arduino.blogspot.com/2016/08/accurate-temperature-reading-sensehat.html) 

## External Libraries installed:
- **Pushbullet**: (https://github.com/Azelphur/pyPushBullet)
- **Bluetooth**: (https://github.com/karulis/pybluez) 
- matplotlib
- seaborn
- pygal
- pandas
- cairosvg
- sqlite3


## Group Members:
- Sanchit Sharma: s3695622
- Deepika Gill: s3698341
